Meeting 7 - Mon 30 March 2020

Opened 1100

Since last meeting:
- Functional Specification - submitted this morning, pdf made from google doc
- Still waiting for Sura to reply with signed Statement of Work
- Everyone main priority has been Web Dev subject
- Next thing due for IT Project are individual personal reflections

General Topics Discussed:
- DIS gateway will continue as main focus > now majority of subjects have died down (over the break)
	- KDIS instead of OpenDis (due to the lack of C# completeness in code)
	- DISUnity - implemented as a Unity Project

Andrew - openDIS C# -> only a bunch of small files, no executable to run etc.
Tran - Boids are pretty much complete, will start looking at other behavioural algorithms

Other Points:
- Talked with Erandi and Daryl > main issue recognised as DIS middleware - focus for the majority of the group (Tate, Andrew and Bridget)
- Send Erandi and Daryl an email over Orange Book if we would like a scheduled chat

Closed 1200